Add a note about the razor compatibility break in 7.0.300 (#35758)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/versioning-sdk-msbuild-vs.md

| 6.0.400 | 17.3 | 17.0 | Net6.0 | Net6.0 |
| 7.0.100 | 17.4 | 17.3 | Net6.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.200 | 17.5 | 17.4 | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.300 | 17.6 | 17.4<sup>1</sup>  | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.400 | 17.7 | 17.4 | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 8.0.100 | 17.8 | 17.7 | Net7.0 | Net8.0 |

> [!NOTE]
> The table depicts how these versioning rules will be applied going forward, starting with .NET SDK 7.0.100 and .NET SDK 6.0.300. It also depicts how the policy would have applied to previously shipped versions of the .NET SDK, had it been in place then. However, the requirements for previous versions of the SDK don't change &mdash; that is, the minimum required version of Visual Studio for .NET SDK 6.0.100 or 6.0.200 remains 16.10.
> 

> > <sup>1</sup> There was a breaking change in 7.0.300 that will block Razor and Blazor development using 7.0.300 or newer .NET SDKs with 17.5 and older Visual Studio versions. See more details [here](https://github.com/dotnet/razor/issues/8718)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be 17.6 and older?

Author: I was using negative phrasing here saying it didn't work in 17.5 or older. I've rewritten to be positive phrasing of it works in 17.6 and higher.

Reviewer: With the new wording, it would be 17.7 and higher right? 7.0.300 won't work with 17.6, 17.5 & 17.4 for Razor scenarios.

| 6.0.400 | 17.3 | 17.0 | Net6.0 | Net6.0 |
| 7.0.100 | 17.4 | 17.3 | Net6.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.200 | 17.5 | 17.4 | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.300 | 17.6 | 17.4<sup>1</sup>  | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 7.0.400 | 17.7 | 17.4 | Net7.0 | Net7.0 |
| 8.0.100 | 17.8 | 17.7 | Net7.0 | Net8.0 |

> [!NOTE]
> The table depicts how these versioning rules will be applied going forward, starting with .NET SDK 7.0.100 and .NET SDK 6.0.300. It also depicts how the policy would have applied to previously shipped versions of the .NET SDK, had it been in place then. However, the requirements for previous versions of the SDK don't change &mdash; that is, the minimum required version of Visual Studio for .NET SDK 6.0.100 or 6.0.200 remains 16.10.

> > <sup>1</sup> There was a breaking change in 7.0.300 for Blazor and Razor development that requires a 17.6 or newer Visual Studio. See more details [here](https://github.com/dotnet/razor/issues/8718)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> <sup>1</sup> A breaking change in 7.0.300 for Blazor and Razor development requires Visual Studio version 17.6 or newer. For more information, see [dotnet/razor issue 8718](https://github.com/dotnet/razor/issues/8718).
```

Reviewer: @marcpopMSFT - Shouldn't this be 17.7 or newer? 7.0.300 won't work with 17.6, 17.5 & 17.4 for Razor scenarios.

Author: No, 7.0.300 will work with 17.6 or 17.7 (and in fact ships with 17.6) and 7.0.400 will work with 17.6 and 17.7 (and ships with 17.7). Neither will work with 17.5 or 17.4 for Razor.

Reviewer: Ah! I messed up the number in my head for 7.0.400. It is clear now. Thanks!
